Add "documentation is more than you think" article (#4)
yanthomasdev/yanthomas.dev: src/articles/documentation-is-more-than-you-think.md

Some folks go even further and make documentation the core of it all, through [Documentation-Driven Development (DDD)](http://writethedocs.org/videos/portland/2019/lessons-learned-in-a-year-of-docs-driven-development-jessica-parsons/). Instead of implementing first, you write the necessary docs, and reap the benefits of finding API issues, behavior inconsistencies, and more before wasting hours of implementation time — and since you just saved hours, you are more willing to change direction (drastically or not) as needed than if you had everything done and are now hit with the feeling of being back to square one.

Regardless of the workflow or philosophy you choose, the key lesson is that documentation should be treated with care and priority, integrated as part of your product development. That is ultimately going to distinguish you from the competition, make your users happier, and increase adoption.

## It is a perception of quality

> The state of your documentation **is a perception of quality** about your product and company. If you want it to be seen as the "Apple of X", then your docs have to be equally polished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## It is a signal of quality

The state of your documentation **is a signal of the quality** of your product and company. If you want it to be seen as the "Apple of X", then your docs have to be equally polished.
```

> Put yourself in the shoes of a user: they open your beautiful landing page, go in the docs to learn more and what they see is typos, inconsistencies, confusing navigation, and so on — you signaled your product is only looks, and if docs weren't given any polish, what can guarantee the product is any better or even worthy of their data, money, and time?

Reviewer: Some tweaks here:

```suggestion
Put yourself in the shoes of a user: they open your beautiful landing page, go to the docs to learn more and find typos, inconsistencies, confusing navigation, and so on — you signaled that your product is only looks, and if the docs weren't given any polish, what can guarantee the product is any better or even worthy of their data, money, and time?
```

If you want people to look into your product and believe it's a worthy investment, you have to show your company is mature and serious — and I don't mean that in a brand/tone way, it can be silly and fun, but you should always treat your users seriously and with respect.

Think of a signature restaurant: you have a big staff, an even bigger hall, and lots of customers. You have to serve the same plates with the same taste for everyone, all tables should be clean and include the same cover and condiments on top — that's why people visit that restaurant, it's an excellent, consistent experience you can trust; and that's how your docs should feel.

The two mistakes I see many companies make:

> - They lack a [writing and style guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/welcome/): it's a really important document to outline the tone, style, and decisions made on content. Without it, the many "chefs" in your documentation work all over each other, every page seems to have been made by someone different — you're not writing an anthology! —, and decisions are lost to time — that all means, docs also need docs!

Author: ```suggestion
- They lack a [writing and style guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/welcome/): it's a really important document to outline the tone, style, and decisions made on content. Without it, the many "chefs" in your documentation work all over each other; every page seems to have been made by someone different (you're not writing an anthology!), and decisions are lost to time. That all means, docs also need docs!
```

> - They lack a [writing and style guide](https://contribute.docs.astro.build/guides/writing-style/): it's a really important document to outline the tone, style, and decisions made on content. Without it, the many "chefs" in your documentation work all over each other, every page seems to have been made by someone different — you're not writing an anthology! —, and decisions are lost to time — that all means, docs also need docs!

Reviewer: Punctuation here is a little wild 😁 

Might be worth reworking that long second sentence to avoid some of the em-dash subclauses.

> - They lack a [writing and style guide](https://contribute.docs.astro.build/guides/writing-style/): it's a really important document to outline the tone, style, and decisions made on content. Without it, the many "chefs" in your documentation work all over each other, every page seems to have been made by someone different — you're not writing an anthology! —, and decisions are lost to time — that all means, docs also need docs!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- They lack a [writing and style guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/welcome/): it's a really important document to outline the tone, style, and decisions made on content. Without it, the many "chefs" in your documentation work all over each other, every page seems to have been made by someone different — you're not writing an anthology! —, and decisions are lost to time — that all means, docs also need docs!
```
Microsoft's is considered the canonical style guide. (Or Google Developers, but you have that link below.)

Also, I'd suggest reworking the last sentence to not have all the emdashes. Getting the comma in there makes it *look* like there's a mistake. (My personal underuse of emdashes in favour of full-stops and semicolons aside!)

> - No one is responsible for it: your documentation needs a "head chef", they're the one responsible for ensuring everything is following the recipe and standards set. Generally, this should be your Senior/Staff Technical Writer or Docs Lead.

Reviewer: What’s the first “it” here? Starting a paragraph/point, it’s good to include the subject explicitly.

Author: Nice call!

Author: ```suggestion
- No one is responsible for the documentation: it needs a "head chef", they're the one responsible for ensuring everything is following the recipe and standards set. Generally, this should be your Senior/Staff Technical Writer or Docs Lead.
```

> Investing in documentation is investing in quality. The same way you need someone to architect the words that are written for the computer so that it's clean, efficient, and maintainable, you need someone who architects the words that are written for the much less precise, imperfect, and more critical human beings.

Reviewer: Nit: “architect” as a verb is not something I love, here it feels a bit clunky, but you can have it if you want it.

Author: yeah, I went with "architect" more for the analogy with software architecture, maybe "engineer"? But then I think it would have the same problem 😅
